Android Release 1.5   #11  In store 4/19/2013 - Had a bug which caused it to go to local server rather than livingpic.com
Android Release 1.51  #12  Revision 7420 In store 4/20/2013 


Open
----
Farhad
  - Who liked and notification for likes.
  - Android Something is blocking when there is poor connectivity causing no device ready and error on android.
    - Sani and Jills phone android loading html page error cordova popup!
  o Bug When you add a new album it temporarily puts it at the bottom of the list.
    - can't replicate it
  - Iphone slows down seemingly swapping memory.

Sani
  - FTUI for ad hoc user make more streamlined a la FTUI for invited user
  - Remove unused pages in the ftui - invite, enter other occasion etc
  
Punt
  o Up the resolution for the photo
  o Allow entry of adhoc contacts for invite.
  o General performance. Make non swipe buttons fast.
  o Invited rick but it wouldnt take because he did not let the landing page fully load before clicking off.
  o Make the loading page interesting. 
  o Make the check_cookies page and landing page not cacheable by the browser.
  o Android pictures sometimes dont upload.
  o If phone number is incorrect provide notice to inviter and a method of changing it.
  o Remove unnecessary permissions.
  
  
  o Register page submit to server is really slow.
    - Investigation shows that it takes 5 seconds to do a occasions_json on the server due to lots of db calls. Just live with long spinner as this is a one time occurrence during registration. 
    
  o Apple photostream nice experience copy it.
    - Sani and Farhad need to discuss what this means
      - Immediate appearance after click of notification.
      - Full bleed of photo
      - Comment or like displayed immediate.
  
  - Ambiguity
    - When you check in to see if there is something new. We always show the old gallery first. We should let you know that it is bringing in new photos.
      - In the gallery indicate somehow that photos are uploading. 
    - When you have multiple new comments since you last visited you dont know which photos they are on.
    
  o Gallery page shows all pictures stacked to the left before mosiac spreads them out.
    o Seems to have been fixed by some other change I made? Cant reproduce.
    
  o Pushwoosh plugin for cordova for android.
  

Done
----
 x Up the resolution for the photo

 x Make ios splash page more similar to jqm splash page.

 x Phone numbers with no area code. Deduce area code from the area code of the inviter.
 
 x Album names in sms messages and push notifications print escape codes.
 
  x Remove everything that is not used by our app to reduce dom size.
    x app_manifest.js
    x application.js
    
 x Remove weinre - completely for iphone, on release builds for android.
    x Remove from application.js   
    x Remove for iphone all cases
    x Add for android_build, android_build_store
    x Dont add for android_build_release
    x HOW
      x In package_app.rake manually move the weinre.js file over to the android platform js only for android non release
      x In app_package.mobile only add the weinre.js file in the header for android non release
    x TEST
      x Build android - Check weinre
      x Build android store - Check weinre
      x Build android release - Check no weinre
      x Build iphone - Check no weinre
      x Build iphone_store - Check no weinre.
    

  x Comments only notify when you are on the thread or author of the photo.
  
  x Add a cancel button to autocompleter.
   x Add participants
   x Occasion for pic
   - Invite on create album (need to probably remove this in the FTUI)

  x Gallery flashes no pictures before showing the pictures.
    x Display none for no_pics div solves it.

  x After photo capture it shows gallery page for a moment need to show the spinner.
    x Change to blank_page_spinner before going to camera or pic from gallery.
    x Test
      x Capture pic
      x Pick from gallery

  x Wording around add people. Make it more universally relevant.
  
  x Cancel on add photo renders badly on iphone.
  
  x IOS select a rotated photo shows sideways in our app.
  