Store release:
-------------
ANDROID_RELEASE_VERSION_CODE = "6"
ANDROID_RELEASE_VERSION_NAME = "1.2"


User Feedback
-------------
 - New Album button top right of albums.
 - Trim android and iphone permissions to only what we need.
 - Add caption then change album removes the entry you made in the caption.
 - Wording
   - Are you at album doesnt make sense in some cases during sign up ftui.
   - People at album doesnt make sense in add people
 - When you come in to see a picture from a link it should make that album your current occasion.
 - Wording on adding new participants in ftui for brand new invitee.
 
 
 
 
 
 BUGS
 ----
  - Jills phone got stuck while I clicked done in ftui when it asked who else I know at the occasion. Same on Sani Galaxy.
    - Need to also incorporate a skip here.
  - Photos disappear from gallery.
  - When you come in from a link to a photo newly added by someone else it shows you the photo but when you click back to the album it is not there.
  - Photos taken on iphone and jills phone come in sideways then are fixed by the server.
  
 
 
 To Do
 -----
 
 o Google contacts dont work for merged contacts. 
 
 
 x Invite issues
   x Clean registration merge with existing invites.
   x Clean registration phone is saved properly for notification in the future.
 
 x Notifications for comments need to go to the comment itself.
 
 x Show comments on gallery page.
 
 - Make it zippier
   x Cache the photos
   o Make the static button pushes faster - jqm hold off on those?
   
 o Iphone contact decline recovery.
  
 o Photo enlarge
 
 x Swipe or next
 
 x Launch is slow
 
 x Doesn't rotate on the iphone.
 
 x Cancel button on posting an image to the occasion. 
 
 x Distorted picture on iphone when you snap and are asked to save to occasion.
 
 - Sweatsedo picture is by Steve Bader on web and by Farhad Fazaneh on 
 
 x Photo title.
   x Add a title field to the occasion for pic form
   x Save the title to Picture.last
   x Add a title field to the photo in the db
   x Save the title field in the db when the photo is saved.
   x Clear the caption input field on the phone before displaying occasion for pic.
   x Bring the title field in with the photos
   x Display the title field in the gallery
   x Display the title field field in the pic detail

 - New launch icon
 
 - Place in store
   
  
BUGS
----
  FARHAD
  ------
  - Iphone user decides not to allow contacts access. Need to ask again when needed. Do not fail.
  
  - Update to cordova 2.3
  
  x Occasions page. The pics that are used to represent the occasion are original which is very big and takes a long time to download. They should be thumb_sq. 
  x Pic detail page. The pics that are used for pic detail are original which is very big and takes a long time to download. They should be "mobile""
  x Occasion for pic - Page disappears immediately after I have taken a photo and does not let me fill it in.
  x On android occasionally a photo that is pointing to a local file wont load.
  x In a gallery with all photos pointing to local  files. Go to airplane mode. Many of the photos that had been loading before dont load.
  x With all photos for a gallery and for all the details loaded locally. Go to airplane mode. Go to pic detail page. Many dont load.
  - Server side: Merge new users who identify themselves with a phone number
  
  x People not showing correctly in gallery page for a brand new album
    x Start Fresh :: New uninvited user :: Create an album :: Add a person from your contact list to the album :: Click see photos of album :: People shows no one added.
  
  x Missing empty album thumb for occasions page: 
    x Start Fresh :: New uninvited user :: Create an album :: Click see photos of album :: Click all to see occasions list :: Thumbnail placeholder for album which says no pics doesnt appear.
  
  x Phone bricks after airplane mode.
    x Got to a gallery with photos :: Make sure a few are loaded locally (Probably not essential) :: Change airplane mode :: Click all to go to occasions :: The phone bricks here you cant click admin or any of the albums. Going back from airplane mode doesnt fix it. 
    
  
  x Two users on the same gallery 1 from webbrowser 1 on android :: Webbrowser user creates a photo :: device user clicks on a link http://192...:3000/fta?xx where xx = Notification.last.id :: He should be taken to the detail for the photo but he is taken to the occasion gallery instead.
  
  
  
  
  
  SANI
  ----
  x New user loading the app with no invite or cookie. 
    x We allow anything for a phone number. Should enforce a real US phone number.
    
  x Ftui - Fresh user / Are you at an occasion where you would like to take a photo? / no / Goes to take a photo anyway.
  x Ftui - Fresh user / Are you at an occasion where you would like to take a photo? / Yes / Change wording to talk about album rather than occasion.
  
  x Autocomplete background should cover the done button.  
  
  x People "who else is at album name?" shorten to just "who else?"  
  x Android - Swipe forward in pic detail doesnt work after the first pic sometimes. Swipe forward doesnt loop back to the beginning after the end. 
  x Make the check mark that farhad has for local photos into a period after the by name
  
  x Text for all notifications change from powder fiesta.
  
  x Invite splash page is blank when there is no pic in the occasion. Made it steelblue
  x Caption text does not clear between photos.
  
  x Remove animation from masonry. (it was never there but now set to false explicitly)
  
  x When I take a new picture it shows up in the gallery but with the wrong aspect ratio aparently.
  
  x Android :: Force close :: Start from icon :: Notice start up :: Switch apps using :: Come back to app :: Notice resume with webintent= null. Start from link give device ready. Start from ui gives resume. Therefore never do any message handling for android on resume.
  
  o Swipeleft and right on pic_detail sometimes doesnt work. Cant repeat.
    
  x Startup when connected to internet but cant reach the server takes a long time. This is due to checkin timing out. 
  
  x Capture a pic. :: Save in an album :: Try to go to the detail page :: Should alert picture is loading.
  
  x Swiping up with a little left or right triggers a swipe left or right. - Fixed for android. Need to test on iphone.
  
  
  
    
  