FARHAD LIST
-----------  
  - Make creation activities retry sync with server automatically?
    - Add new album
    - Add participants 
    - Add photos
    - Add comments
    - Add likes
  - Figure out what whats going on with the .js files that are created for each photo - firebug
    
  - Make sure on_resume code is working well. I got the android to freeze on the splash page but havent been able to reproduce. 
  


PRE LAUNCH CHECKLIST
====================
 - Server
   x Reprocess all photos on the server to get the aspect ratios
   - Delete all the caches on the server
   - Migrate the server
   - Bundle update
 - Remove debug.logs
 - Make sure Logger.log is not doing console.logs
 - Splash pages and icons
   - ios and android.
 - Eva android ftui windows dont scroll with keyboard showing. Esp register screen.
 
   
ALL
===

INCOMPLETE
----------
 x TEST AND CHECK
   x Version control.
     x Test changing the version setting to suggest a new version.
   
 - BUGS
   - mobile.changePage still in the code
     x NewOccasionController2.new_occasion_error
     - window.pick_pic
     - window.goto_tag_pic_page
   x Javascript error cant read property top of undefined. : PhotoResolutionHandler.prototype.closest_to_screen_center = function(ids) {
     center_of_img = img.offset().top + (img.height() / 2); 
   x Early photos on the server dont have an aspect ratio. eg id=385
     x Verify that there are non-square thumbs on the server for all photos.
     x Make sure all photos on the server have aspect ratios.
   x Evas phone crashes when clicking download from gallery. - Some bad photos in the gallery were causing null pointer errors in Java. Fixed these corner cases. 
   x Resume getting stuck on splash page in many cases.
     x Fixed the case where no server or bad connection during register.
     x Fixed the case where no occasions on resume.
     x Start fresh checkcookies fails stop app. Restart stuck on splash screen.
     x Start fresh new user dont take a photo exit app. Restart stuck on splash screen.
   x Snap photo comment after upload no comment lost pic
   x New album with no photos click on add people depends on gallery_handler instance to work. Gallery_handler instance may not exist. For now alert please add a photo before adding a person.
   x New album add a person close the app come back not there.
   x Zooming on a photo that hasnt downloaded yet in poor connectivity freezes the scroller. 
   x Clear local data when updating app to this new version
   x Living pic should say not supported on ios < 6.
   o Eva ipod upload from gallery not working cant reproduce. 
   o Ios zoom rotated photo directly after snapping using camera in app.
   o Scroll immediately after new photos come in from the web breaks the scroller cant reproduce.
   o Evas phone. Download from store. "LivingPic" could not be downloaded due to an error. (502) Cant reproduce
   o Showing broken links for thumbs on sanis phone.
   o When thumbs are downloaded we should clear the cache in the galleryhandler so it starts using the downloaded urls.
   o Clicking date causes photo data to open twice.
   o Ios 7 gap at the top of the page expands when you ad a comment.
   o PhotoResolution handler seems to highres the wrong photo. Cant reproduce
   o Evas phone should not zoom but it does. Actually it is v4.0.3 and should zoom not sure why she was getting a bug with zooming. Cant reproduce.
   o Iphone 4 doesnt zoome Dereks phone. Actually running ios 5.0 not supported.
   o Evas phone shows thumb images sideways in gallerypicker. Move to post release.
   o Android Eva and jills phones - snap a photo in the app landscape. it gets a portrait aspect while it is loading. Move to post release.
   
 
 - Error handling.
   - To prevent freezing on a page with no ui when we get a javascript error. Do go_home if we catch an error on the release version.
  
  - TWEAKS
    - Turn off autocorrect when entering names.
    - Says new photos when it is really new comments.
    - Alerts say index.html rather than livingpic.
    
  - PERFORMANCE (all post release)
    - Clicking from occasions page is slow. 
    - Profile startup to minimize time
    - Lag between confirming the occasion and showing it in the gallery handler is too long.
      - Too much seems to be happening syncing gallery etc...
    x Capture button needs to have an instantaneous response of some sort.
    - Remove all unused javascript and html css
    - Streamline startup to minimize latency to current gallery from boot
    - Reduce possibility of background activity while in scroller.
    - Remove all unused javascript and html css
    - Streamline startup to minimize latency to current gallery from boot
    - Reduce possibility of background activity while in scroller.
    - Background threads for file etc. using cordova.interface.threadpool
 

  - POST RELEASE
    - It can take a long time for the app to take you to a new occasion based upon context if you're not in that occasion
      - we should have some kind of visual cues that indicate that the phone is tryihng to do something
    - GalleryPicker
      - Dont show thumbnails or photos below a certain size.
    - Banners to remind users to add people and photos in gallery
      - Add photos
      - Add people
    - Check cookies page on old android layout is fubar
    - People - Stats on people. Whether they have joined or not.
    - Notification - Highlighting new items? 
    - No refresh on occasions page.
    - Show upload status in gallery.
    - Streamlined version of jquery.
    - FF Aesthetics
      - Still don't care for the "save in ..." when a photo has been taken.  The buttons aren't aligned.  
      - Don't care for comment window - by erasing the photo it puts you out of context - the experience is jarring for me.  Would be better to open it right there underneath the photo...
    - Refactor
      - rename all the xx2 stuff back to xx
    - Aditya
       - Grey border around pencil
    - Eliminate gallery picker icon from header. Camera goes to gallery picker and there is an option to snap a pic from there in the footer.
    - Android photo to be uploaded is too large.
    - Remove testpages from store release build
    - Add pulldown refresh to the occasions page.
    - Panoramic photos in picker, occasion for pic, gallery2
    - Zoom with a certain orientation causes photo to do a 270deg spin.
    - Weird light blue line at top of header in iphone and android.
    - Flash Notice no longer works because not using mobile.changePage
    - Clean up deprecated in package_app.rake
    - Change Error Getting Content to Cant Reach LivingPic Server
    - Eva android cant zoom locally taken pic. It is too big.
    - Android display gallery shows the people page first.
    - Debounce Done button on gallery picker.
    - Android very large photos take a long time to upload on new phones
    - If you add a coption in gallerypicker it should add it to the list.
    - Ios 7 gap at top and bottom of page sometimes grows for each photo you add.
    - Touch points in header are too small still on ios
    - When you are out of connectivity and it tries to load a picture from the web it shows a broken link. We should probably change to the model of only showing photos in that have already been downloaded.
    - Gallery picker zoom sometimes removes the edit and check buttons.
    - Order albums by date of the last post

COMPLETE
--------
 x Android issues
   x Android flicker when scrolling I think it is caused by our changing the src from thumb on the photo you land on. Was fixed when I removed the transform 3d from the photos.
   x Android Back Handler
     x Cancel on all forms
       x New occasion
       o Add people
       o Add photo
     x In pages
       x People window
       x Gallery page
   x Zoom not working
   x Zoom doesnt cover the header in gallery - see zoomer.txt for fix
   x Clicks not working when scroller is on.
   x Stop scrolling on touch after scroll not working.
     x Fix in scroller (dont use negative time transitions to bump the current transition on android)
     x Make sure it works on iphone
     x Post my fix to stackoverflow
     x Log it in gallery2_with_iphone_scroll.txt
 
 x Bugs
    x When refreshing a gallery or showing a new gallery scroll to the top.
    x Scrolling occasions then going to gallery causes scroller to think it is wrong place.
    x Occasions goes to top of the page when you go into an album and come back.
    x Broke zoomer fixing the above. 
    x Broke like button fixing the above.
    x Gallery and occasions headers need to be fixed not to overflow and to line up properly. Use fixed positioning.
    x Aspect ratios
    x Gallery with 1 or 2 pics doesnt scroll properly.
    x Occasions thumbnails not displaying properly.
    x Click from occasions should be debounced so it doesnt double click into zoom photo.
    x 2 finger zoom broken on iphone
    x Resolution handler not working on iphone or android.
    x Keyboard not appearing and disappearing properly for android on enter comment. Fixed in manifest.
    x Autocomplete for add participants not working.
      x add cancel add again autocomplete doesnt work.
    x Zooming in gallerypicker is a buggy.
    x No photos camera button in no photos page in gallery2 is not clickable behind scroller for some reason.
    x I get an error message that image "css/img/livingpic/up_arrow.png" is missing.  Perhaps not checked in?
    x Browser simulated take a photo. Aspect ratio not properly calculated.
    x Browser simulated gallery picker. When you pick from the gallery and an upload happens to the server it generates another dummy photo. Should upload.
    x Latitude and longitude for photos picked from gallery are coming to server as ints rather than floats. - Not a bug that is just the ones that came from the simulated location on the browser.
    x UserHandler doesnt go home 
    x Android index.html alert error.
    x Sani doesnt get notifications on android.
    x Comments read from bottom up on start up. They read from top down if you switch from album to the next.
    x network error.
    x Zooming in gallerypicker is a buggy: 
      x on IOS: the images come up sideways even if I set the aspect_ratio to 1.0
    x Show log doesnt work.
    x Network error not showing when server is down.
    x Says new photos when it is just the one that you just added.
    x Can like something multiple times: 
      o get the graphics always even if you just liked.
    x If I try to zoom onto the image that is picked from gallery and is uploading, it breaks the UI
    x I get an error message that image "css/img/livingpic/up_arrow.png" is missing.  Perhaps not checked in?
    x No photos camera button in no photos page in gallery2 is not clickable behind scroller for some reason.
    x Load a photo from gallery. Stalls uploading. Shut down app. Start up the app. Photo is gone from app as well as from native gallery.
    x Adding a couple photos from gallery stuck in upload pending on android - causes ui to freeze. Also I loose the native photo after this happens I.E. it no longer comes up in gallery picker.
    x Latitude and longitude for photos picked from gallery are coming to server as ints rather than floats.
    x Dont download photos taken on the phone.
      x We do download them but while we do have a temporary file UI we show what we have.  The reason for this approach is that
        if the user deletes the photo in the gallery, our system doesn't know how to deal with it.  It will take a bit of work
        to test against the gallery and then download the photo if we don't have it.
    x Photobackground cover after capture image not working
    x Pick an album name autocomplete not working on ios
    x Make sure iphone and android dont rotate screen.
    x Complete all items in android quirks including clearing gallery_picker data when exiting gallery picker.
    x Race condition
      1) Capture a photo.
      2) Create is called which updates the local photo with the new urls at amazon.
      3) The large pic version hasnt been created yet.
      4) So when you stop on the photo in the gallery it is a broken there because it tries to show the high res version for the photo you stop on.
    x Add the refreshing logic back in that used to use the view controller.

    x Make sure the notificaiton is sent not on the photo first created but when the thumbnail and phone photo are created, so the upload finishes sooner...
    x SPlash page is now white on some devices
    x Header text and buttons need to move down a bit.
    x Browser simulated gallery picker. When you pick from the gallery and an upload happens to the server it generates another dummy photo. Should upload.
    x Browser simulated take a photo. Aspect ratio not properly calculated.
    x Check cookies page broken
    x Notifications on android.
    x Dont show photos from our album.
    x Gallery_picker global icons disappear on zoom.
    x Landing page fix layout
    x Color coordinate titles and authors etc in gallery with the colors for the header.
    x In the browser. Create a new account. Snap a photo. After it is uploaded to the server the photo object is not updated with the correct new url on S3. Sani fixed in thumb_display_url()
    x Country code stuff broken
    x Rework loader spinner to use pos abs top and bottom and get rid of resize event handler.  
    x In the browser. Create a new album. Snap a photo. The occasion pic is undefined on the occasion page. 
    x on IOS, if I scroll a gallery fast, then stop it with touch, then zooming no longer works.  If I scroll a bit, then zooming works again
    ? Checking take a photo but not uploaded yet. Check for new photos and get one that is below the one just taken. Messes up the scroller and freezes the phone.
    x Fixed bug where refresh on android causes page to freeze. Looks like it was due to the animation on the circle arrow being just too much for androids puny brain.
    x Zoom:
      x Click on photo for zoom sometimes not registered on android.
    x Cant like a new photo if the occasion hasnt refreshed.
    x Cant like or comment on a photo before it is uploaded.
      x if you go out to camera, then back, then the like count updates also
    x Make photo not upload the image same image twice if it's going to the same occasion.  I think we need to compare the URL's
    
 
  x Tweaks
    x Make buttons in header of GalleryPicker go with our purple color scheme.
    x Zoom 2 finger and remove one should not pan to remaining finger.
    x Zoom and unzoom pic should stay on high res 
    x On gallerycontroller.show make sure the first photo is high res.
    x Header when adding a new album. 
      x Title should be add album

  x TEST AND CHECK
    x Invite
      x Landing page when user clicks on a link but doesnt have the app.
      x Check_cookies splash for an invite?
    x Ftui 
      x run through it all again to test.
    x App preferences in config.xml
      x Set for android and copy from our source tree for build.
      x Set for ios and copy from our source tree for build.
        x Build for ios
        x Copy config.xml that is created
        x Modify
        x Change package_app.rake to copy it over.
    x Verification
      x make sure all buttons are instaclick
      x Make sure all $.mobile.changePage and all onbeforeshow etc are gone from js we use.
      x Make sure all unecessary javascript isnt loaded.
      x Make sure no extra images are loaded (e.g. photoswipe...)

  x Capture photo - see capture_pic2.txt
    x Theme to match gallery
    x Occasion_for_pic
    x Photo added to gallery
 
 x Thumb size bug
   x What size are the thumbs on s3?
   x Why do they seem to be different sizes?
   
 x New Gallery
   x Add header with album name and buttons
     x Get a simple header working with scroller, zoomer, comments, and likes 
     x Add title and placeholders for the buttons
   x Refresh (rubber band)
     x Build ui for refresher
     x Wire up refresh
   x Hook in instead of old gallery
  
 x Have aditya make the icons
   x Create a spec
   x Send
   x Review and ask for edits
   - Add Adityas edits
   x Add to app
     x Refresh
       x up_arrow
       x circle_arrow
     x Gallery
       x Camera
       x Gallery
       x List
       x People
       x Heart red and grey x22
     x Gallery picker
       x Check_green
       x Check_grey
       x Edit
       x Global checks and edit.
       x Camera?
     x Occasions
       x Add
       x Camera
   x Plus sign too big.
   x Grey checkmark and grey edit should dark semi transparent in background but opaque white to show up when photo is white.
   x Need a larger version of the camera. (100x100)

   
 x GalleryController load new gallery
   x Paging to and from gallery for instant load without changing anything. 
   x Loading a new gallery
 
 o Replace fastclick with our own simpler version
   x See insta_click.txt
 
 x Occasions page
   x Theme to match gallery.
   x Switch between albums.
   x Connect back button on gallery to go to occasions
   x Change the header on occasions 
   x Add occasion
     x Locally make sure name is not the same as an existing occasion for the user
     x Trim etc.

 
 x FTUI
   x Convert to new paging scheme.
   x Merge all js into one file.
 
 x Pick from phone gallery
   x Picker (any scrolling zooming that is needed)
   x Picker - theming if necessary.
   
 x Corner cases
   x No albums
   x No photos in album

 x People - See people.txt
   x Theme to match gallery
   
 x Convert dangling pages to use Pager rather than JQM
   x Network error
   x Admin
   x Test_pages   

   

     

 