TASK Create a people page that is behind the gallery page and is uncovered when you click on it.

 x Requirements
   x Whole gallery page moves over to reveal.
   x Scrolling available on the people page
   x No need for a header on that page.
 x CSS strategy
   x .reveal (.cover .left .right) are divs within a page.
 x Revealer
   x Reveal
   x Hide
   x Revealer touch handler swipe to close
   

Todo
  x Create a rough layout for the people page.
  x Create the revealer.
  
AddParticipants Todo
  x Decided to redo the layout from scratch. See the reasoning for this below.
  x Create an add participants 2 page
  x Click from people page
  x Done
  x Cancel

QUESTION: HOW TO LAYOUT THE REVEAL AND REVEALED PAGES?
  PROBLEM - I seem to have broken scrolling on firefox with no scroller of the content when I added reveal divs
  QUESTION - Did i break it or was it already broken
  TRY - On firefox revert to the layout without reveal divs and see if I have indeed broken it
  RESULT - After reverting I find it still doesnt scroll on firefox
  DISOVERY - I found that in gallery.css I had set .content to overflow:visible overriding the overflow:scroll set in mobile.css in order to allow zoomer to zoom pic to cover the whole gallery page. 
  
  QUESTION - is there a way to handle this that doesnt break the scrolling in firefox?
  TRY - Have the galleryhandler set the overflow to visible when it starts the scroller when running on the phone. 
  TEST - On browser - works. On phone - works.
  
PROBLEM: Revealed page doesnt scroll on iphone
SPECULATION: Is it due to preventDefault on touchmove on the gallery2 page?
TEST: Remove prevent default and test on iphone. RESULT - Yes this was causing it not to scroll.
QUESTION: Is prevent default for touchmove on gallery2 really necessary to prevent scrolling when adding a comment given that we have defined the page to be fullscreen and overflow:hidden - ANSWER - no 
CONCLUSION: Remove the preventdefault for touchmove on gallery2

QUESTION: What to do about the AddParicipants page?
  - CONSIDERATIONS:
    - Much of the design detail is provided by JqueryMobile. 
    - I cant use jquery mobile to change pages because it doesnt work with the new Pager that is used for gallery and occasions.
  - OPTION 1:
    - Try to figure out all the classes divs etc that jqm injects to simulate the existing layout and design detail without using JQM
    - Will be frustrating.
    - Probably wont be thrilled with the results.
  - OPTION 2:
    - Redo the layout and the design for that add participants from scratch using our own simplified design elements.
    - Will probably take the same amount of time.
    - Will be less frustrating.
    - Probably will be happier with the results.
  - CONCLUSION:
    - Redo the layout and design detail of the AddParticipants page from scratch.
    




  
  