I have baled on this for the time being in favor of adding a By field in our existing gallery.
 x Bring in photos slightly wider than half the width of a galaxy screen. Dont adjust the height.
 
 
 x Jquery Masonry
   x Install jquery masonry
   x Test it with a test page
   
 x Make gallery work with masonry
   x Call thumbwidth to set up widths to begin with.
   x make masonry not resizable
   - Set up a resize event
     - calls thumwidth
     - calls masonry.
     
 - Gallery handler batch sequencing potential problem
   - Currently gallery handler loads the next batch when a threshold of images in prior batches has loaded. This may happen quite rapidly if the images have previously been loaded in the dom. I worry about a race condition where masonry is called once then before it has completed it is called again when an image_load event fires causing a new batch to be loaded.
   
 x set_img_size
   x Rename to adjust_thumb_width
   x Call on resize of screen
   x Call after enough has been loaded such that the scroll bar has appeared.
 
 x Factor gallery.js
   x Global controller methods - GalleryController.js
   x GalleryCache -> gallery_cache.js
   x PhotoSwipeHandler - photoswipe_handler.js
   x ThumWidthCalculator - thum_width_calculator.js
   x Gallery handler and all else - Gallery view
   
 
 
 x Calculate aspect ratios of photos so we can size the photo box prior to photo loading.
   x Save aspect ratio when photo is created.
   x Have the thumb just be 200 wide not square.
   x Create a pic
   x Get the gallery for the pic
   x Check what is in the gallery for the last pic on the browser for aspect_ratio 
   x Set the height of each pic in gallery using the aspect ratio. Both in the case of first draw and resize.
 

 x Add comments to gallery view
 x Add caption to gallery view
 x Add caption to detail view
 
 - Move cancel down 1 line in save to occasion.
  
 x Bring in a large gallery of photos.
   x Drop the db
   x Remove all system photos
   x Add the db
   x Add the dummy photos
   x Check for spinners (add them and see how they feel.)
   
 - make html safe:
   - Caption
   - Comments
   - User Names
   - Occasion names
   

